RFS Invoice Utility Versions

1.2.5
	Made a minor change to show two more digits of precision to the right of
	the decimal point for the quantity when generating text to describe per-unit
	calculations involving special units.

1.2.4
	Fixed a long-standing bug (10+ years) in the warehouse revenue calculation
	core, which was not filtering data to be calculated properly by type (i.e.,
	receiver or BOL). The bug was discovered when error messages showed that
	BOLs from years ago were bein calculated because their IDs matched the IDs
	of recent receivers.

1.2.3
	Added sorting to the shipper and bill-to destinations on the form to create
	an invoice from a single, manual bill.

1.2.2
	This is a temporary patch build to fix an issue with Crystal Reports. It will
	be replaced as soon as I can find the code to fix the issue properly. Except
	after I found the code I discovered there seems to be no performant way to fix
	the issue properly. Sigh. Hard-coded everything FTW!

1.2.1
	Fixed a minor issue preventing invoices created from manual bills from having
	the correct Windows user ID.

1.2.0
	Added support for tracking Windows user IDs who create and finalize invoices
	Added a new form to let users examine the create/finalize user IDs for invoices
	Fixed an issue with submitting invoices for review; the text no longer updates
	in the wrong column and the data no longer needs a refresh to finalize.

1.1.5
	Removed the Budway logo entirely at Dan H.'s request. Moved the investigation
	controls around a bit for better use of screen space. Corrected the login
	dialog's tab order and made the OK button the form's default.

1.1.4
	Added support to storage billing for metric tons as a unit.
	Fixed a bug that would allow negative storage billing revenue calculations.

1.1.3
	Fixed a minor issue preventing storage billing rollback from working.

1.1.2
	Limited the invoice detail group name box to its proper size (200 characters).

1.1.1
	Added metric tons to the RFS per-unit calculations for loads, receivers, and BOLs.

1.1.0
	Reworked invoice supporting docs dialog to use new methods
	Added new data layer method to retrieve invoice supporting docs

1.0.2
	Changed invoice creation to use the current date as the default invoice date
	Removed GL editing form entirely to get rid of FarPoint Spread use
	Converted to Visual Studio 2017

1.0.1
	Changed MHX invoice payment terms to net 30 days

1.0.0
	Added the about box to the system menu
	Fiddled around with shipper address on MHX invoice
